-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Call for Papers 

Second International Workshop on 
Robotics Software Engineering
Co-located with ICSE 2019
May 27, 2019, Montréal, QC, Canada

https://rose-workshops.github.io/rose2019/

Robotics is one of the most challenging domains for software engineering (SE). 
Deploying even simple applications requires integrating solutions from experts 
of various domains, including navigation, path planning, manipulation, 
human-robot interaction, etc. Integration of modules contributed by respective 
domain experts is one of the key challenges in engineering software-centric 
systems, yet only one of the cross-cutting software concerns crucial to 
robotics. As robots often operate in dynamic, partially observable 
environments additional challenges include adaptability, robustness, safety, 
and security. 

The goal of RoSE 2019 is to bring together researchers from participating 
domains with practitioners to identify new frontiers in robotics software 
engineering, discuss challenges raised by real-world applications, and 
transfer latest insights from research to industry. RoSE 2019 will solicit 
contributions from both academic and industrial participants, thus fostering 
active synergy between the two communities. Prospective participants are 
invited to submit:

RoSE 2019 welcomes the following types of contributions: 
* research papers presenting novel contributions on advancing software 
engineering in robotics (max. 8 pages);
* challenge showcase papers describing robotics challenges considered 
insufficiently addressed from an industry perspective (max. 6 pages);
* lessons learned papers describing lessons learned in the collaboration 
between the two communities of SE and robotics (max. 6 pages);
* vision papers on the future of software engineering in robotics 
(max. 4 pages);
* tool and project papers on SE in robotics (max. 4 pages).

Workshop papers must follow the ICSE 2019 Format and Submission Guidelines, 
but will use a single blind submission process. All submitted papers will be 
reviewed on the basis of technical quality, relevance, significance, and 
clarity by the program committee. All workshop papers should be submitted 
electronically in PDF format through the EasyChair website at 
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=rose2019. Accepted papers will become 
part of the workshop proceedings.

Important Dates 

* Submission deadline: February 01 2019
* Notification of acceptance: March 01 2019
* Camera-ready version: March 15 2019 

Best wishes, 

Federico Ciccozzi (Mälardalen University, Sweden) 
Nico Hochgeschwender (Université du Luxembourg, Luxembourg)
Ivano Malavolta (Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam, The Netherlands) 
Andreas Wortmann (RWTH Aachen University, Germany)